//  Campus Bazar  By El Senor Production   //

A fully functional E-commerce Website that uses PHP Language.
It has a number of features that will allow users to manage as well as shop online.


About:: 
 the system displays all the lists of products with their respective prices. In addition, the system allows managing product brands too. This project is divided into two categories: Admin and Customer. In an overview of this web application, the customer has to register in order to perform various actions. A customer can look for products, add products to the cart, add products to a wishlist. Each product contains its own description, features, and number of photos. Talking about the checkout procedure, the customer can enter coupon codes for discounts. As soon as he/she passes through checkout procedures, the customer has to manage the order from the account section.


 Manage Order – Customer’s Panel
The system lists out all the orders under the account section. Each order contains its own details. These details include product name, quantity, size, amount, and current status. By default, the order’s status is set to unpaid, unless he/she completes their own payment. Here, the customer has to verify the payment for finalizing the orders. For this, the user has to provide the invoice number, banking transaction code, amount, and much more. As soon as the user proceeds through this step, the system marks the order as paid status. Additionally, the user can view and manage all their wishlist under the wishlist section. Besides, the user can view bank accounts, edit profiles, passwords, and remove their personal account.



Admin Panel
On the other hand, an admin has full control over the system. An admin has the right to manage the proper flow of the system. He/she can manage the number of categories by entering their names, photos, and selecting certain features. After the management of categories, now the admin has to manage manufacturers. While referring to a number of categories, it means product category and a shopping category. As mentioned earlier, the process for this section is the same as well. The admin has to enter the manufacturer name, photo, and choose an option whether to show it as a top manufacturer or not. And now, after setting up all these fields, the administrator can add product details too.



Product and Bundles Management
For adding product details, an admin has to enter the product’s name, URL, select manufacturer, category, product category, description, price, photo, keyword, and label. Under the description section, there are three sections. These are product descriptions, product features, and videos. And in terms of adding photos, the system allows inserting up to three product photos. In addition to it, an admin can add and manage bundle products. For this, the procedures are the same as above. After setting up products and bundles, the system calculates the total number of each product sold with their publish dates too. Not only this, he/she can assign products to bundles relation by entering title and selecting a product with a bundle.



Coupon Management and Stores
In terms of this whole e-commerce website, a coupon code plays an important role for the customers around in order to provide them some discounted price. Just like that, this project contains coupon features for the customers. An admin has the right to manage each and every coupon. For inserting a coupon, an admin has to enter coupon name, coupon code, select product, price, and limit. The best thing out here is that the system lets us know about the number of people using the coupons. Also, the user can manage stores by providing various details. It includes store name, image, description, and URL. From this, the customers can check their store branches around them.



Orders, Customers, Payments and More
An E-Commerce website project is incomplete without the proper details of Orders, Customers, and Payments. Likewise, the admin can oversee all the orders performed by the customers around. It includes all the order details such as product name, image, quantity, size, price, date, and order status. The main responsibility of customers is to manage their order status. Meaning, the payment must be done in order to mark it as completed under the admin side. The admin can delete order records anytime. Similarly, the admin can view customer’s records with their details and payments throughout the website with their exact amount and payment method. Besides, the admin can view total earnings and view the number of pending and completed orders.





Available Features:
Client-Side
Admin Panel
Add to Cart system
Wishlist system
Apply coupon codes
Order Management – Customer
Manage Profile – Customer
Categories and Manufacturers
Products and Bundles Management
Product – Bundles Relations
Set up Store details
Update contact, about us details
Coupon Management
List Customers
Manage Customer’s Order
Payment Management
User Management System
View Total Earnings